# Performance Evaluation Command

This command opens a modal that can perform bulk renders and report the results. This is intended as a utility for those who are making complex skribis and want an indication of execution times. 

The **Text To Evaluate** field is autofilled from highlighted text, or the clipboard contents, if any is found. The text in this field is treated as the text of the virtual skribi that will be evaluated.

**Evaluation Iterations** is the number of times to render the skribi. The result will be an averaged value of the processing times. I recommend using 10, but I've only tested on my machine. Using very high values will overload the system, causing each render to be slower, and returning values not representative of the expected processing time during normal use.

**Eval As Individual Blocks** toggles between

## Notes about results

Because of how async code works in javascript, using promises introduces some time-bloat that isn't really indicative of the actual execution times. You can see that even evaluating empty text takes time (on my machine, about 2.6ms) where in reality it's nearly instant. This extra time is generated by the nature of promises. I'll look into adding a synchronous evaluation method in the future.

Also, the more promises that are running, the longer they will take to evaluate. I'm not really an expert about how threading promises works, but you can see it happen when you increase the iteration count.  

TL;DR: Basically as long as it's not taking > 100ms (0.1s) you don't even need to worry about it.